------------
Introduction
------------

In 2001, Kraut et al [6] coined the term “strong ties”. This was to refer to the things which strengthen
human relationships such as frequent contact, and deep feelings of affection and obligation. This project
aims to investigate the use of mobile devices and cloudlets that can also be used to strengthen human relationships.
Cloud computing has been a powerful computing paradigm which has changed the way we deliver services to users.
We make use of cloud services because they provide us with unique ways to collaborate, stay in touch, and engage with media
socially. These services have been used to connect and make sharing easier for people across the globe.
The same technologies that power cloud service providers, namely web servers, data stores, and
databases, can also run at a smaller scale on embedded systems, such as the Raspberry Pi. Computer
hobbyists have revealed that the Raspberry Pi could make as an attractive solution for a small
lightweight server because of its solid state storage, no noise, small form factor and low power
consumption[4]. This project aims to make use of a Raspberry Pi extended with a battery, WiFi radio
and local storage to provide a group of co-located friends with opportunities to share and engage
with media amongst themselves. These cloudlets can be used to exhange files, document collaboration, in essence,
for all cloud services on a lower scale. The advantage being less network latency. This research is interested in the
Human-computer interaction aspects, that is, which services can be offered to enhance co-located device use.

	-------------------
	Research questions
	-------------------

	1. Is an embedded system viable for creating cloudlets considering battery use, etc?
	2. When users are given control over their data, lucid privacy control, etc -- do they
	consider cloudlets usable to enhance co-located use.

	-------------
	Significance
	-------------
	The significance of this project is that it will continue on the work done by Reitmaier & Benz. They have shown
	that people believe that cloudlet can be effective, however, they have concerns over privancy, data control, etc.
	This project will address those, an then evaluate cloudlets to see if they are fully viable for enhancing co-located use.
	In addition, they will test the feasibility of using embedded systems as the backbone of a cloudlet. If they are feasible,
	this will mean people can easily buy portable "devices" to help them connect to each other.


------------------
Literature review
------------------

Cloudlets are relatively new in research, as such, they have been under the microscope as a number of researchers have consider using
them for computation offloading. The literature that has been studied focuses on offloading computation, co-located device use, file sharing
in ad-hoc network for mobile devices, providing collaboration services for mobile devices.

The ways we used technology is massively affected by the infrastructure that is available to us. We have observed online media sharing become popular with the advent of services such as Dropbox, Google+, Google Drive, etc. Walton et al[16] have shown, however,
that in places such as Khayelitsha (Cape Town, South Africa), co-located phone use surpassed online sharing.
The media stored on the mobile devices became public personae, that is, played the role of social media 'profiles'[16]. An important finding they presented was that in this case, people already knew each other. This meant that they gave each other access to files as they became the 'profile', however, they still required privacy. This means a trust model that takes into account that users know each is important.

Ah Kun and Marsden[8] implemented an application for photo sharing in a co-located scenario. Their goal was to study the interaction  between the users. This application allowed simultaneous access to the same file. They explored using a number of access control mechanisms, the interesting ones being:

Ad-hoc: This is a policy whereby any user
can control a resource at any time. Here, there
are no software locks. A social protocol is
expected to arise from the users[8].

Three-second: This is a policy whereby
control is passed around among the users. A
user acquires control and performs an action.
When there is no action from the user on a given
time limit (three seconds), control is passed to
another user. A user will require control by
attempting to perform an action[8].

These mechanisms had advantages and disadvantages. For instance, in the three-second policy, the users adapted the policy to meet their needs. It showed no signs of turning chaotic. 

A more prevalent application of cloudlets, however, is the offloading of computation. In 2009, Satyanarayanan et al[8] proposed that less portable computing devices such as desktop computers, could be used to carry out computationally intensive processes in the fields of natural language processing; speech recognition; computer vision; machine learning; and augmented reality, on behalf of “resource-poor” mobile devices. They went on to suggest a new architecture where mobile devices use virtual machine technology to run on cloudlets that are within physical proximity
of the device and are access via wireless local area network. Each cloudlet would contain at least one computer with a relatively high processing and memory that is connected to the Internet (with reasonable speed) and is available for use by mobile devices within the area of the LAN. This application
of cloudlets is not within the scope of this project

Our work is closely related to the work done by Reitmaier and Benz et al[7].
They have looked into various methods in which co-located people
share information with each other. Their conclusion was an intuitive albeit a subtle one: people’s sharing patterns changed according to the situation they were in even if they were sharing with the same people. This point was supported with the Mobiphos study done by Clawson et al[3], whereby
photos are automatically shared to people in a predefined group. The conclusion was that people’s sharing behaviors changes based on the individuals in a group[3]. Psycho-social behavior like this has to be taken into account especially for this project because the success of the implementations may hinge heavily on this.

<mention what the work the project aims to do>

------------
Methodology
------------

The project has been segmented into front-end and back-end. The front-end is an Android application. Naturally, it's goal is provide an abstraction of the data control and sharing logic. The aim to is to setup focus groups to test the viability of the front-end. Viability, being how intuitive and responsive is the application.
